---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

## Code of Conduct Reflection

This week my teammates and I started our first steps toward an open-source project. We created and installed our very first Chrome extension called “Hello Team.” It was simple, but it helped me understand how browser extensions work and how different files connect to each other.

After that, we explored the [Chrome Extensions Samples repository](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/chrome-extensions-samples/) on GitHub. We found and read important files like README.md, LICENSE.md, CONTRIBUTING.md, and CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md. Through this process, I learned that open source is not only about writing code, but also about community and communication. I especially realized how important clear rules and respectful behavior are for collaboration.

Working with my team was both challenging and fun. At first, we had many different ideas for our extension, and it was hard to choose one that was realistic. However, everyone shared ideas openly and listened to each other, which made the discussion very positive.

In the group, my role was to help organize ideas and think about what would be practical to build. My biggest contribution was helping analyze the documents in the repository and explaining why the LICENSE and CONTRIBUTING files are important.

One surprising thing I discovered about myself is that I care more about teamwork and community than I thought. I used to focus mostly on coding, but now I see that collaboration and communication are just as valuable in open source.